Add custom request limits per domain and publish alpha 76 (#5425)
TerriaJS/terriajs: doc/customizing/client-side-config.md

|`helpContent`|no|**[HelpContentItem](#HelpContentItem)**|`[]`|The content to be displayed in the help panel.|
|`helpContentTerms`|no|**[Term](#Term)**|||
|`languageConfiguration`|no|**[LanguageConfiguration](#LanguageConfiguration)**|undefined|Language configuration of TerriaJS.|

> |`customRequestSchedulerLimits`|no|**object**|undefined|Custom concurrent request limits for domains in Cesium's RequestScheduler.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`customRequestSchedulerLimits`|no|**[RequestScheduler](https://cesium.com/docs/cesiumjs-ref-doc/RequestScheduler.html)**|undefined|Custom concurrent request limits for domains in Cesium's RequestScheduler.|
```

Author: ```suggestion
|`customRequestSchedulerLimits`|no|**[RequestScheduler](https://cesium.com/docs/cesiumjs-ref-doc/RequestScheduler.html#.requestsByServer)**|undefined|Custom concurrent request limits for domains in Cesium's RequestScheduler.|
```
